PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Worked as an Engineer in the digital domain at Tata ELXSI for 1.8 years.
Professional with hands-on experience in Angular 6, JavaScript, React JS, HTML, CSS, and Ionic 5.
Experience in developing web applications using frameworks like Angular 6, Magento 2, and CSS.
Good understanding of back-end integration and web services integration (REST) and JSON.
Good knowledge of programming languages like C, C++, and Java.
Proactive, individual with high energy and proven ability to work on new platforms.
Experience working in Agile scrum teams and a strong understanding of web technologies.
CORE STRENGTHS AND CAPABILITIES
Excellent team player with interpersonal skills.
Proficient in MS Office, Outlook, Presentation, and Excel.
Able to analyze complex problems and provide solutions.
Enjoys working with large datasets and an eagerness to learn computational subjects.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Contributed to a team of over 4000 employees as an engineer in the Digital Team
Analyzed data sets to develop an online code challenge platform and created test cases component with action controls and responsive web pages in 4 sprint days.
Proactively sought resources and support from both inside and outside the team for achieving results for tasks assigned during onboarding.
SKILL SETS
PROJECTS
Project Profile #1:
Project: SYMPLR Healthcare
Duration: 05/2020 - 02/2021
Responsibilities:
Collaborated alongside the team to develop a US HealthCare application for vendor credentialing using angular and Ionic 5 within an agile environment
Gathering business and user requirements.
Developed the front end of various modules of the Application.
User interface development, functionality implementation, and Web services integration.
Code review and bug fixing
Testing (unit testing, integration testing, regression testing)
Created pages with enhanced front-end performance through clean coding practices
Worked under tight deadlines with weekly delivery and sprint planning
Completed the features assigned to the project on time and met quality standards.
Project Profile #2:
Project: THSL POC Internal Project
Duration: 02/2021 – 08/2021